1. Checking with the Invalid IP:
   Invalid IP is given when the client is started. It will throw Connecting Server failed.

2. Used UTSA LAN network to verify where mutilple client are ran in different machines and
   simultaneously running the server in a separate machine.

3. Keep book count to zero of any book and ordering the item.It should result as book is
   un-available.

4. Simultaneously ordering the same book from different client and check whether the shared
   variables are properly updating.

5. Simultaneously checking and updating the time of any service request and checked whether
   proper sychronization is taking place.

6. All the inputs are given in the client side are integers. I have checked with giving a string
   for any of the inputs and checked whether program is throwing any error.

7. Giving invalid values to all the inputs needed in the program and checked whether the
   program is throwing any error.

8. With out giving any service request, checked the performance queries like average request time
   is showing no request registered message.

9. Making more than one clients active and request as many service as possible. Then close the server,
   all the request to the server from the clients after that should not connect to the server.

10.Checked whether front-end and back-end server are communicating as per the client request by
   priting the IP address for each of the request.

11.Checked whether the search request is caching properly on each of the front-end server by checking
   the search count from the server.

12.Checked time synchronization among the front-end servers are done correctly by printing the offset
   values in the corresponding slave and master servers.

13.Done testing whether the master is periodically synchronizing with the slaves periodically for each 
   60 seconds by printing time values.

14.Tested whether the order request are properly synchronized by printing the time stamp for each of
   the request.

15.Tested whether the server is giving discount to each of the 100th request a discount by printing the 
   order count request appropriately.
   
NOTE: All the tests are done manually.

